[Fabric E2E Sample] Enabling High concurrency execution for notebooks/pipelines (#1008)
Azure-Samples/modern-data-warehouse-dataops: e2e_samples/fabric_dataops_sample/docs/issues_limitations_and_workarounds.md

# Known issues, limitations, and workarounds <!-- omit in toc -->

This document lists the known issues and limitations specific to the sample, as well as to Fabric in general. These issues and limitations are based on the current state of the Fabric REST APIs and Fabric deployment pipelines. The document also provides recommendations on how to handle these challenges.

## Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Infrastructure deployment related](#infrastructure-deployment-related)
- [Code/Pipeline execution related](#codepipeline-execution-related)
  - [Issue: For high concurrency (Pipeline) executions, regardless of user's selection the first notebook's execution snapshot is shown and other snapshots can't be accessed](#issue-for-high-concurrency-pipeline-executions-regardless-of-users-selection-the-first-notebooks-execution-snapshot-is-shown-and-other-snapshots-cant-be-accessed)

### Infrastructure deployment related

### Code/Pipeline execution related

> #### Issue: For high concurrency (Pipeline) executions, regardless of user's selection the first notebook's execution snapshot is shown and other snapshots can't be accessed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Issue: Incorrect details in Pipeline's snapshot for high concurrency executions

For high-concurrency pipeline executions, regardless of the user's selection, the first notebook's execution snapshot is shown, and other snapshots are inaccessible. This is a known issue, and here is a workaround:
```

>     This is a known issue. Here is the workaround:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
